[WOMAN SCAT SINGING]
WOLFGANG,
THIS IS FOXTROT.
TARGET IS ON FOOT
AND HEADING WEST
ON SMITH STREET.
TRAPLINE HE'S COMING
YOUR WAY.
ROGER THAT.
GOT THE EYEBALL.
Man: FOLLOW ON FOOT,
TRAPLINE.
DO NOT LOSE
VISUAL CONTACT.
[THINKING] I HOPE YOUR CARD
WORKS TANNER...
HOLD ON!
I GOT SOMETHING
FOR YOU AS WELL.
THIS CARD'S GONNA HELP YOU
GET YOUR RUNNER BACK.
I OVERHEARD THE GUARDS
TALKING ABOUT YOUR SWEET RIDE
AND HOW IT'S LOCKED UP
IN THE IMPOUND CENTER.
NOW TAKE THIS
TO A STORE NAMED BOOTLEG,
ORDER SOME MILK
AND ASK FOR BLISTER.
HE'LL HELP YOU OUT.
[YUSEI THINKING]
OK TANNER, LET'S SEE
WHAT THIS FRIEND OF YOURS
CAN DO ABOUT HELPING ME
GET MY RUNNER BACK...
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪&
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪&
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪&
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪&
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
Man: HANG BACK, FOXTROT.
LET'S SEE
WHAT HE'S UP TO.
[THINKING] SO THIS IS THE PLACE
TANNER WAS TALKING ABOUT.
SEEMS LIKE MY KIND OF JOINT...
I JUST HOPE TANNER'S FRIEND
COMES THROUGH FOR ME...
Man: AND SO THE COP,
HE SAYS TO THE MONKEY,
"YOU'RE GOIN' TO JAIL!"
[LAUGHS] GET IT?
Second man: AH, NOPE!
SO WHAT DO YOU
WANT HERE, KID?
LOSE YOUR PUPPY
OR SOMETHIN'?
MY HEART'S BREAKIN'
FOR YA',
BUT THIS AIN'T
THE ANIMAL SHELTER.
NOW GETTA OUTTA HERE!
WE GOT A NO-LOITERING RULE,
PAYIN' CUSTOMERS ONLY.
IN THAT CASE,
I'LL HAVE SOME MILK.
BOLT TANNER
GAVE THIS TO ME...
I'M LOOKING FOR
A GUY NAMED BLISTER.
THOSE SUITS THAT FOLLOWED YOU
LOOKIN' FOR BLISTER, TOO?
HUH?
I ASSUME THOSE GUYS
AREN'T WITH YOU...
NOW GET OUTTA HERE, KID!
HM?
YOU DON'T FIND BLISTER,
BLISTER FINDS YOU.
THANKS.
LOOKIN' FOR ME?
[BOTH GASP]
Man: QUICK DON'T LET HIM
GET AWAY!
Man: DON'T MOVE!
NEED A LIFT?
WHO WAS THAT?
CHECK THE NAVI-LINK,
ARE WE TRACKING
THE SIGNAL?
YEAH, WE GOT 'EM...
THEY'RE GOING NORTH
ON...
COME ON!
WHAT, WHAT'S GOING ON?
TELL WOLFGANG
WE'VE LOST
VISUAL AND RADAR.
Blister: HOLD STILL.
THE IONS
IN THIS LITTLE BADBOY
ARE JAMMING
THE MARKER'S SIGNAL.
CAN'T HAVE THOSE SUITS
FOLLOWING US.
ARE YOU BLISTER?
IN THE FLESH.
Blister: SECTOR SECURITY
USUALLY SAVES
THE HELICOPTERS
FOR THE BIG-TIME
OFFENDERS...
BUT YOU SEEM
HARMLESS ENOUGH.
YOU KNOW SOMETHING
ABOUT A CITY HALL FAT CAT
YOU'RE NOT SUPPOSED TO KNOW?
Yusei: ACTUALLY... I THINK
SOMEONE KNOWS SOMETHING
ABOUT ME.
BUT...
I DUNNO WHAT.
HMPH! WELL, YOUR MARKER
WON'T TRANSMIT
FOR A FEW HOURS,
AND I'VE CLOAKED
THIS BUILDING,
YOU'RE GOOD FOR NOW.
SO BOLT TANNER
TOLD YOU TO COME HERE
AND FIND ME, DID HE?
THAT'S RIGHT.
I DON'T SUPPOSE HE SENT YOU
TO PAY ME THE CHUNK
OF CHANGE HE OWES ME.
AFRAID NOT.
IN THAT CASE,
YOU MUST BE HERE
FOR THE OFFICIAL
BLISTER "HOOK UP."
SO... WHAT'S THE DEAL,
NEED A NEW IDENTITY?
I NEED TO SNEAK INTO THE
SECURITY IMPOUND CENTER
TO GET MY RUNNER BACK.
YOU'RE KIDDING, RIGHT?
TANNER SAID
YOU COULD HELP ME.
SO WAS HE RIGHT OR WRONG?
HE'S RIGHT...
ALRIGHT, "MR. ADAMS"...
YOUR MAINTENANCE UNIFORM
IS SET,
AND I'VE GOT YOUR I.D. CARD.
JUST NEED TO HACK
INTO THE CITY SYSTEM...
[HUMMING]
AAAAND, DONE!
YUSEI ADAMS YOU ARE
OFFICIALLY AN EMPLOYEE
OF THE NEW DOMINO CITY
SECURITY IMPOUND CENTER.
EACH DOOR REQUIRES
A SITE-SPECIFIC CODE...
LET ME HOP
ONTO THE MAINFRAME
AND SEE WHERE
THEY'RE KEEPING YOUR RIDE
SO I'LL KNOW WHAT CODE
YOU'LL NEED.
WHEN DID THEY TAKE IT?
A COUPLE OF WEEKS
AGO, BLISTER.
ALRIGHT THEN.
I'LL HAVE T' BREAK
THE ENCRYPTION ON
THE SECURITY MAINFRAME...
SOME LOGARITHM RUNS,
A LITTLE GHOST-IMAGING
AAAAND...
BOO-YAH!
I'M IN.
JUST GOTTA
NARROW THE SEARCH DOWN
TO SINGLE-RIDE DUEL RUNNERS
CONFISCATED OVER THE PAST
SEVERAL WEEKS,
RUN THAT AGAINST A LIST
OF OTHER VARIABLES AAAND...
BINGO... VAULT 64-B.
TOP FLOOR.
NOW TO SNAG THE PASS CODES
YOU'LL NEED TO GET IN.
THIS SHOULDN'T BE TOO HARD.
BLISTER... DID YOU
USED TO BE A DUELIST?
HM? WHA...!?
WHAT ARE YOU DOIN'
SNOOPIN' AROUND IN THERE,
PUT THAT PICTURE BACK!
LOOKS LIKE
YOU WERE TAKIN' NAMES
IN THE BIG LEAGUES... HUH.
NAH, I WAS NEVER
BIG LEAGUE,
THAT'S FOR SURE.
ME N' MY PARTNER
DUELED IN THE SEMI-PRO
LEAGUE FOR A BIT.
BUT... THAT WAS
A DIFFERENT LIFE, YUSEI.
IT WAS A LONG TIME AGO.
PUT THE PICTURE DOWN.
WE GOTTA FOCUS HERE.
TALK TO ME.
GOT THE PASSCODE FOR 64-B.
IS THAT
ALL I'LL NEED?
THAT, THE I.D. CARD,
YOUR UNIFORM,
AND A WHOLE LOTTA LUCK.
THE SECURITY DROIDS
ARE ON A RANDOM PROGRAM,
SO I CAN'T HELP YA' THERE.
I'LL RISK IT.
SO WAS THAT
YOUR DUEL PARTNER
WITH YOU
IN THE PICTURE?
MAN! YOU DON'T KNOW HOW
TO LET SOMETHING GO, DO YOU?
WE'RE NOT HERE
TO GET TO KNOW
EACH OTHER...
GOT IT?
I SPY SOMEONE WHO THINKS
THEY GOT AWAY...
BUT NO ONE GETS AWAY FROM ME.
I'LL SHOW YUSEI
AND THAT NO-GOOD GOODWIN.
Boss: I SAID
THERE ARE NO
THIRD CHANCES
WITH THE DIRECTOR.
YOU'RE ON MALL PATROL.
GOODWIN'S UP TO SOMETHIN',
HERE, CHIEF.
FIRST HE HAS ME
SHAKIN' DOWN THE SATELLITE,
THEN HE LETS HIM
WALK FREE IN DOMINO!?
I'M GONNA CATCH THAT KID
AND GET TO THE BOTTOM O' THIS.
TRUDGE, WAIT!
[LAUGHS]
AND ONCE YOU TELL ME
WHAT I WANT TO KNOW YUSEI,
IT'S BACK TO
THE FACILITY FOREVER!
Blister:
RISE AND SHINE, YUSEI.
EVERYTHING YOU'LL
NEED TONIGHT
IS IN THE BAG.
TELL TANNER
I'M PUTTIN' THIS
ON HIS TAB.
WILL DO.
LOOK MAN... I DID
EVERYTHING I COULD,
BUT THE ODDS
ARE STILL AGAINST YOU.
ONLY PEOPLE
WHO HAVE A CHOICE
WORRY ABOUT ODDS.
I HAVE TO GET
MY RUNNER BACK
IF I'M GONNA
GET MY FRIENDS OUT
OF THE SATELLITE.
WAIT, WHAT?
HA!
YOU'RE TAKING THIS HUGE RISK
FOR SOME FRIENDS?!
HMPH!
HIS NAME'S AERO.
WE WERE BEST BUDS.
YOU'LL NOTICE,
OF COURSE,
THAT I SAID "WERE."
PEOPLE COME
AND GO, YUSEI.
YOU MAKE FRIENDS...
YOU LOSE FRIENDS.
THAT'S HOW IT GOES.
BUT TRUST ME,
AT THE END O' THE DAY...
YOU REALIZE YOU SHOULDN'T
BOTHER WITH "FRIENDS,"
'CAUSE THE ONLY THING
A "FRIEND" IS GOOD FOR
IS... FINDING THE BEST WAY
TO LET YOU DOWN.
YOU'RE BETTER OFF
JUST LOOKIN' OUT
FOR NUMBER ONE.
I MEAN...
AFTER ALL...
THAT'S WHAT
EVERYONE ELSE DOES.
ISN'T IT?
WE WERE ON A PRACTICE RUN.
AAH!
I LOST CONTROL
OF THE BIKE...
THE CONNECTING CABLES
TORE APART...
BLISTER!
GRAB MY HAND!
ALMOST THERE...
Blister: WE WERE GONNA
SLAM INTO A BUILDING.
I DIDN'T HAVE TIME TO THINK,
I JUST TURNED AWAY.
AERO... OH, NO...
AERO... LOOK OUT!
HE WAS STUCK IN THE SIDECAR,
HE HAD NO CONTROL.
IT WAS BAD...
HE SPENT 8 MONTHS
IN RECOVERY.
WHEN HE GOT OUT
HE QUIT DUELING.
I NEVER HEARD
FROM HIM AGAIN...
EXCEPT FOR THIS CARD
HE SENT ME...
IT WAS HIS PART
OF OUR BEST COMBO.
IT'S ALL
TORN AND BURNED.
I'M PRETTY SURE IT WAS
HIS WAY OF SAYING
HE'D NEVER FORGIVE ME.
HEH... NOT THAT
I BLAME HIM,
I WOULDN'T FORGIVE ME
EITHER IF I WAS HIM.
DON'T TAKE THIS RISK
FOR YOUR FRIENDS, YUSEI.
'CAUSE COME CRUNCH TIME,
THEY'RE GONNA
LET YOU DOWN,
I MEAN, LOOK AT ME.
I LET MY BEST FRIEND
CRASH RIGHT INTO
A BUILDING
JUST TO SAVE MYSELF.
TRY NOT TO BE SO HARD
ON YOURSELF BLISTER,
AND THANKS
FOR ALL YOUR HELP...
[THINKING] I DON'T CARE
WHAT HE SAYS ABOUT FRIENDSHIP.
FRIENDS ARE THE MOST IMPORTANT
THING A PERSON CAN HAVE.
WITHOUT THEM, YOU'RE NOTHING.
I KNOW WHAT I DID WAS WRONG,
BUT DID YOU REALLY HAVE
TO THROW IT IN MY FACE AERO...
TALK ABOUT LAME.
HUH?
SOMEONE'S OUT THERE...
I'M COMING FOR YOU
YUSEI... [LAUGHS]
[THINKING] SO FAR SO GOOD.
BLISTER WAS RIGHT ABOUT
THOSE SECURITY DROIDS.
TIME TO MOVE...
TOP FLOOR HERE I COME...
THIS IS IT...
NOW I JUST HOPE THIS I.D.
AND PASS CODE WORK...
NICE...
THERE WE GO...
REUNITED AT LAST...
[TRUDGE LAUGHS]
I'M STARTING TO THINK
YOU LIKE ME, YUSEI!
WHY ELSE
WOULD YOU CONSTANTLY
GO OUT OF YOUR WAY
TO MAKE SURE WE KEEP
MEETING UP LIKE THIS?
ALTHOUGH, I GOTTA SAY,
THIS IS PROBABLY
YOUR CRAZIEST STUNT YET.
WHAT ON EARTH
WERE YOU THINKING?
I JUST WANT MY DUEL
RUNNER BACK, TRUDGE,
IT IS MINE.
ACTUALLY... THAT RUNNER
OF YOURS
IS NOW THE PROPERTY
OF SECTOR SECURITY.
IT'S GONNA BE
A PATROL BIKE!
OR MAYBE
THEY'LL SCRAP IT
AND TURN IT INTO
A BUNCH OF TOASTERS,
I'M NOT REALLY SURE.
AS FOR YOU, IT'S
BACK TO THE FACILITY!
GET 'EM, BOYS!
HEH! SORRY YUSEI, BUT
THAT RUNNER IS OFFLINE.
SO JUST
COME ON OUT QUIETLY.
WHAT IS THAT?
[ALL GASP]
Yusei: OFFLINE... PLEASE!
Men: WOAH!
Man: DON'T LET HIM
GET AWAY!
YOU ASKED FOR IT!
SURPRISE!
COME ON, YUSEI!
DO YOU REALLY THINK YOU CAN
ESCAPE FROM ME AGAIN?
I'LL NEVER STOP CHASING YOU,
DON'T YOU GET THAT?
CHASE THIS!
SO THAT'S HOW YOU WANNA
PLAY THINGS, IS IT?...
TELL YOU WHAT...
I'LL MAKE YOU A DEAL...
GIVE YOURSELF UP
RIGHT NOW.
AND I'LL FORGET THE FACT
THAT YOU BROKE
INTO THE VAULT
WHEN I'M FILLING OUT
THE REPORT.
NO CHANCE!
YOU'RE NOT LEAVING ME
ANY CHOICE HERE.
IF YOU WON'T SURRENDER,
I'LL HAVE TO
MAKE YOU SURRENDER...
WITH A DUEL!
Computer voice:
DUEL MODE ENGAGED.
AUTOPILOT STANDING BY.
OVERRIDING SUSPECT'S
DUEL RUNNER.
[THINKING] I JUST
NEED TO BUY TIME
WHILE I LOAD UP THE BUILDING
SCHEMATICS TO FIND A WAY OUT.
ALRIGHT, TRUDGE...
BRING IT ON.
Both: LET'S RIDE!
LET'S GET THIS
DUEL STARTED!
I DRAW!
AND I SUMMON
QUILLBOLT HEDGEHOG
IN DEFENSE MODE.
[THINKING] THERE'S
THE SCHEMATICS...
IF I COULD FIND A WAY TO ESCAPE
THROUGH THAT OPENING...
I'M HOME FREE.
Trudge: [LAUGHS]
GET READY, YUSEI!
I DRAW!
AND I SUMMON
SEARCH STRIKER
IN ATTACK MODE!
SEARCH STRIKER!...
BLAST THAT SATELLITE'S
PUNY LITTLE MONSTER!
HUH!
[GROANING]
NEXT I PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN.
NOW WHAT, YUSEI?
YOU'RE ABOUT
TO FIND OUT.
FROM MY HAND... I SUMMON
THE TUNER MONSTER
JUNK SYNCHRON.
AND SINCE I SUCCESSFULLY
SUMMONED JUNK SYNCHRON...
I CAN ALSO SUMMON
QUILLBOLT HEDGEHOG
BACK TO THE FIELD
IN DEFENSE POSITION.
WHAT?!
SORRY, TRUDGE.
BUT THIS HEDGEHOG'S
NOT DONE WITH YOU!
BEFORE IT MAKES
A MOVE, THOUGH...
JUNK SYNCHRON'S GONNA
GIVE IT A LITTLE TUNE-UP.
YOU THINK SOME
SYNCHRO SUMMON
IS GONNA THROW ME OFF?
YOU GOT ANOTHER THING
COMIN', SATELLITE.
JUNK WARRIOR!
LET'S REV IT UP!
TOO BAD HE CAN'T
STICK AROUND!
SEE I'M PLAYING THE TRAP
CARD... DISCORD COUNTER!
Computer voice:
DISCORD COUNTER IS A TRAP CARD
THAT UNDOES AN OPPONENT'S
SYNCHRO SUMMON
AND RETURNS BOTH ORIGINALS
MONSTERS TO THE FIELD
IN DEFENSE POSITION.
LOOKS TO ME LIKE
YOUR JUNK WARRIOR'S
ABOUT TO BREAK
INTO PIECES.
I HOPE YOU LIKE
THOSE TWO.
'CAUSE YOU'RE STUCK
WITH 'EM FOR A WHILE.
DISCORD COUNTER
STOPS YOU FROM
SUMMONING A MONSTER
UNTIL THE END PHASE
OF YOUR NEXT TURN.
I JUST NEED TO GET TO THAT
OPENING AND GET OUTTA HERE.
SO CLOSE.
[SNICKERS]
WHERE DO YA' THINK
YOU'RE GOIN'?
[TRUDGE LAUGHS]
Guard: CLOSE A5
AND A7 BARRIERS!...
SEAL OFF THE EAST SECTOR!
[SNICKERS]
THERE'S NO LITTLE HATCH
TO WIGGLE THROUGH
THIS TIME,
YOU SEWER RAT!
[LAUGHS]
YOU'RE GONNA
HAVE TO TURN AROUND
AND FACE THE BIG CAT!
NOW TELL ME
WHY GOODWIN'S SO
INTERESTED IN YOU, KID.
TELL ME AND I MIGHT
LET YOU GO!
YOU'VE GOT
NOTHING TO SAY?
WELL THIS'LL
GET YOU TALKING!
HA HA. I SUMMON PURSUIT
CHASER IN ATTACK MODE.
AND NOW THAT
I'VE GOT THESE TWO
MONSTERS ON MY FIELD
YOUR QUILLBOLT
AND JUNK SYNCHRON
ARE ABOUT TO GET BLASTED
BACK TO THE SCRAPHEAP!
FIRE!
NOW HERE'S
THE BEST PART...
SINCE THE MONSTER
PURSUIT CHASER
WAS DESTROYED
IN DEFENSE POSITION...
YOU GET HIT WITH 500
POINTS OF DIRECT DAMAGE!
[TRUDGE LAUGHS]
AND WITH THAT, I SLAP
ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
MAKE YOUR MOVE!
ALRIGHT THEN!
I PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN...
AND END MY TURN.
HA! YOU'RE DONE, YUSEI.
YOU CAN'T
SUMMON A MONSTER
FOR TWO MORE TURNS...
EVERY POSSIBLE
ESCAPE ROUTE
HAS BEEN SEALED OFF,
YOU'RE TOTALLY TRAPPED!
THE ONLY THING WAITING
FOR YOU DOWN THIS ROAD
IS A DEAD END.
[SNICKERS]
AND I MEAN THAT
LITERALLY, YUSEI...
YOU'RE HEADED
STRAIGHT FOR A WALL!
Blister: KEEP GOING!
BLISTER?
'S THAT YOU?
KEEP GOING FORWARD!
BUT, UH...
GO...!
NO WAY!
WHAT'S THAT PUNK DOING?
[SCREAMING INDISTINCTLY]